This is a little tool I wrote years ago, and use every day. Think for a moment
about how much time you lose by navigating through folders in an open or save
dialog to find a file you just had in an explorer window before. Or about how
many times you came at a point you needed the full path of a file in code or
script somewhere.

The shexAllSorts.dll registers with all files and folders to show up on their
context-menu in Windows Explorer. It has five options:

- Copy UNC
Build the full path of the selected file(s) or folder(s), and put it as text
on the clipboard. Use this to paste into an open dialog box to avoid
navigating to the file. Hold the Ctrl button to only copy the file names
without path.

- Copy content
Read the content of the selected file(s), and put is as text on the clipboard.
Be careful to avoid large or binary files. Hold the Ctrl button to add the
content of the file(s) to the text currently on the clipboard.

- Paste text
If text is available on the clipboard, paste it into a new file when a folder
is selected, or overwrite the file if a single file is selected.
Be careful not to overwrite important files. Hold the Ctrl button to use
the current system's single byte encoding instead of UTF-8.

- Set read-only
Sets the read-only flag on the selected file(s) or folder(s). Hold the Ctrl
button when selecting this option to clear the read-only flag.

- Touch (set date)
Sets the last modified date of the selected file(s) or folder(s) to the
current date and time. Some applications are triggered by changes to files.
Use this when you need to trigger but don't need to change.

- Open URL...
Attempts to translate the current disk location into a URL, using a
translation table stored in the registry. Use this when developing
server-side-scripted websites. Use regedit to change the translation table
stored here:
  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Double Sigma Programming\AllSorts\URLs
Create a string key with the folder name, and the URL prefix to replace, e.g.:
  C:\Inetpub\wwwroot = http://localhost


http://yoy.be/AllSorts